Whenever you find out about the death of the ship you have toe, make sure
that you're saying things the right way in the right mood in the
right tone. Um, of course, the family needs to be, um, be contacted.
And they're they're the lines of communication for that, Um, but particularly
for the ship, Uh, that person had friends. That person had
close close contacts on the ship. And you have to make sure that,
um, at that time, their well being is the most important thing. Um,
the way you address the ship, you have to be a somber. You have to
be in a somber mood. You have to make sure that, like, um, stay positive
about their time on the ship. You never wanna speak poorly of someone
who just passed away. Um, make sure that, like a we know that
we always have a mission. You know, we have a mission, and that comes
first so that you have to make sure that you can't really be dwelling
on the death for such a long time. The people that need to get
off the ship, you know, if if it comes to that, then they need to be,
um, put off just to make sure that everyone else is safe. And the
people that are on the that are still on the lines. You have to make
sure that they could do their job effectively. Um, but keeping in mind
like how that person died, make sure that that doesn't happen again.
Especially if it was an accident on the ship. If they were killed
out in town or if something else happened out in town, maybe it was
some kind of disease. Or maybe, um, you know, it's an accident with
a car or something like that. Then whatever training needs to happen
should happen for car things. Make sure that everyone's buckled
up. Make sure you give training on, uh, reducing your speed. Um, ifit's
accident, Let's say a fall. Make sure that, um, the local policies
are in place. Um, so, yeah, I just respect the death and respect
the people that knew that person